Tutorial Improvements 1 (#17929)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/tutorials/Data_Analysis.rst

2. Change the start point to "-5 -5 0" and the end point to "5 5 0".
3. Click *Query*.

>   * The Lineout query samples data values along a line, producing a 1D database from databases of greater dimension. It creates a new instance of the highlighted plot in the Plot list and copies the plot to another vis window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The Lineout query samples data values along a line, producing a 1D dataset from datasets of greater dimension. It creates a new instance of the highlighted plot in the Plot list and copies the plot to another vis window.
```
